Human Machine
NOTE - [01]: Meaningful Matter
Meaningful Matter
NOTE - [02]: Sociable Science
Sociable Science
NOTE - [03]: Troubled Horizons
Troubled Horizons
NOTE - [04]: Art and COVID-19
Art and COVID-19
NOTE - [05]: Anatomy: Art and Science
Anatomy: Art and Science
NOTE - [06]: Art and Science on the Journal
Art and Science on the Journal
NOTE - [07]: Art and Science on the Blog
Art and Science on the Blog
NOTE - [08]: 'Santa Medicina' by Eleanor Crook
'Santa Medicina' by Eleanor Crook
NOTE - [09]: 'Self-Conscious Gene' by Marc Quinn
'Self-Conscious Gene' by Marc Quinn
NOTE - [10]: 'Bloom' by Studio Roso
'Bloom' by Studio Roso
NOTE - [11]: 'For Science' by Jenny Holzer
'For Science' by Jenny Holzer
NOTE - [12]: 'Coalbrookdale by Night' by Philippe Jacques de Loutherbourg
'Coalbrookdale by Night' by Philippe Jacques de Loutherbourg
NOTE - [13]: 'Iron Baby' by Antony Gormley
'Iron Baby' by Antony Gormley
NOTE - [14]: 'Anamorphosis' by Winton Gallery
'Anamorphosis' by Winton Gallery
NOTE - [15]: 'The Munition Girls' by Alexander Stanhope Forbes
'The Munition Girls' by Alexander Stanhope Forbes
NOTE - [16]: 'Living Made Easy' by Thomas McLean
'Living Made Easy' by Thomas McLean
NOTE - [17]: 'The First Briton in Space' by Kyle Dawney
'The First Briton in Space' by Kyle Dawney
NOTE - [18]: 'Materials House' by Thomas Heatherwick
'Materials House' by Thomas Heatherwick
NOTE - [19]: 'Painting of Sunspot' by James Nasmyth
'Painting of Sunspot' by James Nasmyth
NOTE - [20]: 'Surgery Sketchbook' by Barbara Hepworth
'Surgery Sketchbook' by Barbara Hepworth
NOTE - [21]: Science Fictions: Journey through Objects with Bedwyr Williams
Science Fictions: Journey through Objects with Bedwyr Williams
NOTE - [22]: Illuminating Objects Display
Illuminating Objects Display
NOTE - [23]: We Make London
We Make London
NOTE - (https://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/objects-and-stories)